It's now finally time that we start storing our data in a more correct or realistic way because thus
far, we either used the memory when we just stored the data in a variable in our node program and it
was then even shared across requests or we stored it in a file and that's also not optimal because accessing
files is pretty slow, especially as we start storing more and more data in them and it's therefore not really something
we would do in a real application.
Instead there, you typically would use a database which is a specific program that allows you or that is
built for storing data and for efficiently retrieving data too. Therefore in this module, we'll have a look
at the different kinds of databases or two important different kinds of databases, SQL and NoSQL
databases and I will compare them, highlight the differences and we will actually see examples for both
in the course and we'll start with SQL also in this module,
so NoSQL will also follow in a separate module but let me first of all show you how you would use
a SQL based database together with your nodejs application.
This is what we'll cover and that will actually be a lot,
so let's dive right into it and let's learn what the different kinds of databases are and whether a
SQL or NoSQL could be the right choice for your application.